it used to be that to everyone but tiny
niche companies platforms that you could
use to operate a keyboard and mouse on
the couch
we're a solution in search of a problem
but whether we have steam linked to
thank for this or something else
corsair and razer both reached out
asking us to evaluate their couch
keyboard mouse gaming products so here
we go
cooller masters master case maker five
features they're freeform modular system
allowing you to customize adjust and
upgrade make it yours at the link in the
video description the Corsair lap dog
comes in two pieces with the knurled
allen key that you'll need for assembly
tucked into a little notch in the bottom
one pull that out then put it aside that
cushion attaches to the bottom with
magnets later this is the meat and
potatoes of the lap dog a plastic backed
brushed aluminum topped board intended
to act as a comfortable platform for
your full-size keyboard and mouse that
sits across your knees though a spacer
is included if you prefer a shorter 10
kilos keyboard without a number pad you
can use any mouse you want but official
keyboard support is limited to Corsair
zone K 65 and K 70 let's talk assembly
plug your power brick and USB 3 cable in
on the PC side cable management options
are a little limited due to the 15-foot
length limit that's imposed by the use
of a passive cable then undo the four
screws from the mousepad and the two
screws from the top fascia that pulls
double duty as a cable management cubby
to hide the keyboards long USB cord that
will be plugged into one of the two
internal USB 3 ports there's another two
on the outside and as a lock to keep the
keyboard in place there are a couple of
anchor points below to make this easier
and exactly two zip ties to go with them
in the box so if you break one or you
want to tighten things down a bit more
than you better have your own already
then from there Mouse assembly is
equally straightforward there's a large
compartment for cable management though
with no zip tie anchors for some reason
and a little gap to bring it up to the
top with minimal cable drag finally
there's this handy little compartment
that's presumably for condoms due to all
the sex that you'll be having whenever
anyone sees you using one of these which
I guess leads us pretty well into the
usage experience the aluminum top plate
makes the lap dog very very solid but
also kind of heavy and unwieldly
and not helping matters is the way that
the mouse flops about and slides cringe
lay off the mousepad whenever you take
your hand off of it or move the board
but once it's in position
it is mostly pretty darn functional the
only limit to the kinds of games that
you'll be able to play from the couch
now we'll be the ones imposed by the
game developer due to poor text scaling
implementations of the UI and the like
and having extra USB ports for a headset
or a thumb drive is pretty nice but
there are also some oversights that I'd
like to see addressed in AV 2 1 it needs
wrist rests within 20 minutes holding up
my arms or resting on the hard metal
edges of lap dog we're both kind of a
drag to the integrated mouse pad is not
double-sided for some reason nor is it
symmetrical so that I can DIY an
alternate pad for the other side and
three there needs to be a narrower K 65
only version I realized the widen board
improves keyboard compatibility but it
causes interference with plush arm rests
a wider than natural gaming posture and
discomfort when typing and all for what
so I can have a number pad for all the
accounting that I'll be doing on my TV
I'm not personally a huge fan of ten
kilos keyboards but it would save 30
bucks on a $300 purchase and it was the
right move here
ergonomically and Corsair chickened out
a little bit I am
oh let's move on to the razor turret
where the lap dog screams no compromises
the turret counters with I'm not perfect
but I'm small and attractive enough that
your wife might actually allow this
thing in her house which is not a bad
point included in the Box is a wall wart
a weighted base station that charges
both the keyboard and mouse when they're
not in use a wireless receiver and a
wireless keyboard and mouse both of
which are capable of being used with
Bluetooth or with their 2.4 gigahertz
receiver with the flick of a switch and
both of which were specifically designed
to be bundled together as this product
purpose-built for couch gaming it's just
too bad that they the mouse in
particular really didn't impress me
surprisingly and maybe the higher input
leg of TV's especially my LG OLED
compared to monitors was a factor here I
didn't feel like the wireless interface
hurt the gaming experience but there
were other things that did the mouse
clicks are pleasantly tactile and the
scroll wheels satisfying scroll and
rubber coating feel great but even with
my tiny girl hands this thing feels like
a toy apart from there being nowhere to
rest my pinky the sides are the worst
kind of slippery glossy plastic making
it hard to lift and reposition the mouse
on the 20 by 12 centimeter mouse pad and
on top of that the ergonomics are bad
enough that within about half an hour my
wrist was getting that cold sensation
radiating from my joints really bad kind
of sore inspite of one huge advantage
that's given to the turret by its
low-profile design the fact that your
thigh can be used as a wrist rest the
keyboard fared quite a bit better it's
got a similar layout and feel to my
blade 14 daily driver laptop the
function keys are shorter and the space
bar is noticeably mushy er but it's very
usable at least when it's centered in
front of me
unfortunately the hinge that unfolds the
attached mousepad doesn't lock into
place so unless you want that to sag
causing your mouse to fall you'll be
stuck with it off to the left where it
is much less comfortable to use
although significantly more comfortable
than the keyboard on the couch master
now to be clear there are some very good
ideas in the turret the dual wireless
interfaces would make the turret a
reasonably competent set of travel
peripherals if they could be charged via
USB with Android compatibility as an
awesome bonus the mouse is magnetic and
with a hard textured bottom foot that
glides well enough on the smooth pad
without falling off all the time
a much more elegant solution to the
mouse whacking things every time I try
and move the damn thing syndrome that
other couch gaming boards suffer from
like that and the compact folding form
factor could probably work for me with a
little bit more y-axis height on the
mousepad it just feels kind of first-gen
still and at a hundred and sixty dollars
it's not an impulse buy for most people
which I guess leads us pretty well into
the overall conclusion here the barriers
that exist for keyboard and mouse couch
gaming are deeper than the lack of
available platforms on which to place
peripherals with game UI scaling being a
significant one and the fact that a
keyboard and mouse being more
comfortable to use while sitting up
straight or even leaning slightly
forward with game controllers being more
comfortable to use resting in your
crotch while slouched on the couch being
another one the industry is making
progress towards an uncompromising PC
gaming experience in the living room and
I think we'll get there eventually the
steam controller is a viable in-between
for some genres of games point-and-click
like papers please comes to mind and
both of these keyboard mouse solutions
are better looking easier to store more
refined more affordable and more
functional than my three year old couch
master this
is real progress I just think that the
balance maybe somewhere in between them
still speaking of points I've got a
pointer for you guys go sign up for
crunchyroll it's the site created by
anime fans for anime fans they offer the
most current episodes of new shows
straight from Japan and they've got a
large collection of the most popular
anime series we've actually got our
summer featured crunchyroll shows that
are not in the notes
well Linus sorry about that
didn't mean to leave those out looks
like we're crunchyroll we have naruto
shippuden we have one-piece dress rosa
something case clothes and other popular
titles so the Colton flogging is done
here some of the featured shows boom
there you go and let's get back to
crunchy roll all the content on their
site is professionally subtitled and all
you got to do is head over to
crunchyroll.com / - linked in the video
description to sign up for a 30 day free
trial of crunchyroll premium it gives
you an entire month of free anime
completely ad free and premium has a lot
of benefits like 1080p streaming getting
new episodes or shows straight from
Japan within an hour of their premiere
being able to stream anywhere anytime to
a variety of devices like your phone
tablet or game console and if you like
all that stuff then you can continue
your premium membership for only 7 bucks
a month so again that's crunchyroll.com
/ - go check it out
thanks for watching guys if this video
sucked you know what to do but if it was
awesome get subscribed hit the like
button or even consider supporting us
buying a cool shirt like this one
instructions down there or with a direct
monthly contribution through our
community forum instructions also down
there now that you're done doing all
that stuff you're probably wondering
what to watch next so click that little
button in the top right corner to check
out our latest video over on channel
super fun